What are your strengths?
My main strengths are the ability to use my initiative to take on challenges. I am always proactive
at what I do, and that keeps my mind stimulated and focused.


What are your weaknesses?
You can say, "I used to be very disorganized, always forgetting assignments and birthdays. But I
managed to work out a computerized system of to-do lists and reminders that keep me on top of
everything."


 Explain, how would you be an asset to this organization?
"To become an asset for an organization, we have to punctual, dedicated, quickly adapt of the
environment and positive working attitude I have all of these qualities so I will prove an asset for
this company."


What does success mean to you?
If I feel I am making a difference working with a team of people to make a more profitable
company. It is a success for me.

Describe yourself in one word?
curious



What is the difference between confidence and
overconfidence?
Confidence is based on facts and knowledge, and overconfidence is based on
speculation. There is a small difference between confidence and overconfidence. Yes,
I can do this work is self-confidence. But only I can do this work is overconfidence.


What is the difference between smart work and hard work?
Smart work and hard work are related to each other. Without being a hard worker, we
can't be a smart worker. Smart work comes from the hard work. That means everyone
has to specialize in his work to become a smart worker. So, all of us have to do hard work
to achieve smart work.
So hard work increases your accuracy, and smart work increases accuracy as well as
efficiency.


Don't you think that you are overqualified for this position?
"I think I am qualified for this post because I am just a beginner and have lots more to learn. I
think qualification is not only a matter of theoretical knowledge or results; it also depends on
practical knowledge and learning. When I get practical knowledge, I will consider myself just a
well-qualified not overqualified. Because learning never ends."


Do you have any blind spot?
"I would say everyone has blind spots and I would too that's why I believe in teamwork because
when you are a team, you can point out the blind spots of other people, and they will also do the
same for you."


How do you handle stress, pressure, and anxiety?
I believe in working in a planned way and finishing my work regularly. I always react to situations,
rather than to stress. In this way, I handle the situation and don't take the stress

What is the disappointment in your life?
"Sir, I don't feel that I have faced such type of situation."

What makes you angry?
Sir, I am not a short-tempered person, but I feel a bit of annoyance when someone disturbs me
in my work without a genuine reason. Although I am an even-tempered person, when I get angry,
I try to channel my negative feeling in my work."

What was the most difficult decision you have made in your
past life?
After completing my graduation, the toughest decision is whether to go for higher studies or do a
job. Then I chose the job because getting trained is better than educated and it was also the
demand of that time.


What gets you up in the morning?
It is my promise that gets up me in the morning. My promise is to learn something
new and someone in need. It provides me the satisfaction that I am making a difference
in someone life

What is your greatest fear?
Before some time, public speaking has been a challenge for me. I was very nervous and hesitate
while giving any presentation,so in my last internship as a coding trainer i used to take a workshops and lecture that help me lot to imporve my public speaking .

Explain the difference between group and team?
There is only one difference between the group and the team. That is unity. Any set of people who
stand together without any purpose or goal can be called as Group. Whereas, when more than 2
people work towards a common goal, can be called as a Team


What will you do if you don't get this position?
I have high hopes that I will be selected. In case if I will not select, I will use this experience to reflect my weakness and try my best to improve
on them for the future opportunities along the way.


What is the success for you?
Success refers to the accomplishment of an aim or purpose


What makes you happy?
I feel happy when I accomplished my task. I also feel happy when I achieved my goals.
Holiday with my family and friends also makes me happy.



Is there anything which makes you different from other
candidates?
Although, I am not familiar with the others whom you are interviewing for this position. I am sure
many talented people applying for the job. But because of my background and the problemsolving skills, I considered myself to be a strong candidate for this position



Describe the three things that are most important for you in
a job?
Possible Answer 1
According to me, Honesty, Loyalty, and determination to achieve my team's target are the three
important things in a job.


What are your expectations from the company?
I would like to work in the company where I can get the opportunity to
learn and enhance my skill to become a better professional in the future.


On a scale of one to ten, rate me as an interviewer?
Possible Answer 1
Sir, I'm not in the position to rate you as an interviewer. Anyway, I'm not going to disappoint you.
As an interviewer you've fulfilled your job, So, I can give you 10 out of 10. But I'll give you 9/10
as there should always be a scope to increase our skills which will create an interest in learning
the things. Thank you very much for giving me this wonderful opportunity.



Who is your role model?
The role model of my life is my mother. Whenever I am down my mother helps me to push my
limits, and she always keeps me on the track. She was scolding me whenever I do something
wrong. She is everything for me, I still got inspired from her, how she manages every problem in
every situation


Do you have any questions for me?
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. After my overall performance till now if I got selected
what I need to improve and if I'm not selected how can I succeed further. Can you give any advice
sir?
